Hey,
let down.
the bam.
Hey
I I
down.
Best
All right, y'all. We are live on this
beautiful Wednesday afternoon. God bless
everybody in the name of Jesus, Yeshua,
the Messiah.
Guys, I have to be honest
right now. As the title of the video
says,
it says live losing thousands.
Losing thousands.
All right, this is pretty intense, you
know. I I can't see the title of the
video from this streaming platform here
for some reason. I'm not sure why, but
this is some serious business. In fact,
just to reiterate how serious it is, I I
think I'm going to take a visit to my
YouTube channel here and take a look at
my current video live. Losing thousands.
All right. Why did I long?
As you can see here, we are long and we
are losing tons of money right now.
And
I have to say, I'm upset. I'm upset. I'm
I'm angry at everybody except myself.
I'm angry that the market's manipulated.
I'm angry that they told me up only. I'm
angry that they told me to buy the dip.
I'm upset. It's not my fault. This
market is trash, guys. It's manipulated.
You know, people people get into crypto.
You know, it's all fun and games until
you realize this is just all
manipulated. It's all manipulation. You
can tell it's manipulation cuz look at
this price. Up and down and up and down
and up and what is this crap? I want the
Bitcoin price to just be unmanipulated.
A straight line like this. A straight
line unmanipulated.
That would be a fair market. Okay, that
would be a fair market to buy my Bitcoin
and just have it stay in the same exact
spot forever. And that is what we all
want. That's why we got into trading.
Screw this volatility crap.
Can't believe this.
Down thousands of dollars right now.
Crap.
Blame it on the news.
Blame it. You know what? I'm going to
have to blame it on Daniel.
Daniel Verastiguay
29.
He's laughing at me. Must be your fault,
bro. You must be the market maker.
Daniel's the market maker.
The market makers are laughing at Jason
Casper right now. The market makers are
laughing at Jason Casper right now.
Exactly. Why is the market wrong? The
market's wrong.
The market's wrong. I'm not wrong. The
Oh my goodness.
This is crazy. Look, here's proof. The
Epstein files prove it's manipulated,
guys. The Epstein files prove
everything.
Everything we ever thought about
everything is proven
in these files. These files.
The Bitcoin files. The Bitstein files.
Bitstein files.
My goodness. The dang Bitstein files out
here causing us to get wrecked.
Why am I still holding this long?
Why is the RSI oversold? It's all
manipulation.
Shout out to Keith M. Jeffs. We got to
fight for the position. Shout out to
Sergio 5623.
Shout out to Mr. Pelano 2050. Shout out
to Animal who says, "Where's the stop
loss? There's no stop-loss." The famous
last words of every crypto trader. What
exchange am I using? This is Antarctic
decentralized exchange right now. All
right.
But I'm also trading on good old KSEX,
guys. KSEX with the lowest fees. KSEX,
which gives you 0% limit, 0.01% market
order, literally unbeatable, up to a 10%
deposit bonus. Claim up to $21,000. Now,
KSEX is literally the best deal right
now for trading on a centralized
exchange, and Antarctic is the best deal
for trading on a decentralized exchange.
Oh man, this is probably the most
frustrating thing I've ever seen in my
life, guys. I cannot I cannot even
believe what my eyes are witnessing. As
the Bitcoin price is taking a tumble, as
we have gotten a massive move to the
downside in the past few
hours. I mean, look at this. Look at
yesterday.
Pretty crazy. I mean, 8% in a day.
It's wild. It's wild. We have another
level of support
maybe that we bounce from here. But this
is frustrating, man. I might have to
hang up my crypto hat. I'm might have to
hang up my crypto hat, guys. It's time
to hang up the crypto hat.
This Bit hat. Time to hang it up.
How's the hair looking? Time to put on a
non crypto hat.
All right, big shout out to everybody in
the chat.
All right, big shout out to Trader
Goldham.
Jason's trolling. Wait for the 1 hour
butt cheeks.
Uh, shout out to Steph, man. Check the
CIT ooace. Yes, that's exactly what
we're looking at next, guys. The 786.
I'm not going to lie, guys. I've been
getting absolutely wrecked. All right,
I've been literally getting wrecked. All
right, yesterday the long trade I was
in, here's what happened to it. Stopped
out for a
$5,000 loss. All right.
$4,800 loss yesterday.
All right.
And the trade I'm in right now, down
right now, $2,300.
Can you believe that? Can you believe
that? Like I said, the market's totally
manipulated,
but Michael Sailor, sell us some
Bitcoin. I know. Michael Sailor. Michael
Sailor,
cut this long, please. Jason,
where's the gold fin blow chain? I had
to give it back. I had to sell it.
Samuel Emanuel, I'm not ignoring you,
bro. I see you here. I see you here,
man. I love you, too, sir. Oh, sir. I
love you, too.
Because of Trump. This guy lost 15,000
because of Trump. That's another thing I
forgot. Not only can I blame this on the
manipulation and on the market makers
and on Michael Sailor and everybody
who's not me, but how could I not also
blame this on Donald Trump, guys? How
could I not also blame this on Donald
Trump?
Look, as a millennial, it is against the
law for me to take responsibility for my
own actions.
It is against the law for me to not feel
like I'm entitled to win every trade.
And so, I have to look around and see
who can I blame. Who can I blame that's
not me? Cuz obviously
I'm not to blame.
My goodness. You know, I'm not to blame.
Okay.
Big shout out to 5280 Viking. Shout out
to the real Don D. If If this is for
Michael Sailor selling 32 Bitcoin, he
can simply buy 64 and pump us up, baby.
Yeah, the real Don D with Ronnie Coleman
as his dang profile picture, man. We
need We need to get a pump like Ronnie
Coleman. All right. We need to get a
pump like Ronnie Coleman. All right. All
right. Let's Let's pop into the chat.
But guys, make sure to smash the likes.
All right.
Other Daniel says, "Hey, Daniel. Two
Daniels don't make a right." Am I right?
Lol. Lol.
It's you, Jason. Look at the short. He
is manipulating the market and us,
right? I guess that is true.
All right. I guess that is a little
true, man. But honestly, guys, I I have
to be honest. I I am getting chopped up
here. All right. It's been a last two
days and honestly it I am to blame for
yesterday's stupid long trade. There was
nothing on the chart that said long
except the price action. I said let me
see if I can get a short squeeze pump.
Obviously that got me wrecked.
And now honestly guys, this trade is
also getting me wrecked. All right, this
trade is getting me wrecked. So
um let's let's pop into the chart. Let's
discuss what we got going on here. All
right, let's discuss what we got going
on here. Um, we're going to go to the
daily time frame
and uh yeah, let's just let's just be
objective here. So, a few things, guys.
A few very important things here. First
of all, we have gotten a full rotation
back down to the bottom of the range.
Now, we've been saying it for a long
time that having lost the daily candle
below 75.8 8 means the highest
probability is we are coming down to
value area low at 654. Here we are. I
mean to the dang dollar. We're holding
this value area low. All right. Now, if
we're not going to hold this value area
low, then we are most likely going to
form a new range below 60K. All right.
Now, if we do that, let me just remind
everybody that that is an amazing
opportunity if you want to buy Bitcoin
on spot and make hundreds of percent
without doing any thinking or anything,
just clicking two buttons, buy and then
sell in a few years. All right, so let's
not lose sight of the fact that the bare
market is coming to an end. All right,
monthly time frame is getting oversold.
Money flow on the weekly has crossed
into the blue here. This is a big sign
of a bottom being very very near. The
last time we seen something among this
happening, well honestly it was right
around here. The bottom had already been
in. The time before that the bottom was
almost in.
And because the money flows blue, I am
looking to buy on spot on big dumps. Am
I stupid? Well, time will tell. All
right. I wasn't stupid for selling at
100K. I wasn't stupid for selling at
120K. I wasn't stupid for saying I'm not
going to buy until we're under 70k.
So far, the plan has been going
according to plan. And so far, this plan
for this exact market cycle is for me to
buy Bitcoin under 70, under 60, and
under 50 more specifically and
Atlantically
coming down towards this blue line right
here. This blue line right here. All
right. So, anything I can buy between
the price of 57,000 and 38,000
in my opinion would be the best price to
buy Bitcoin at on spot.
And selling at 120 and above is the best
place to buy or to sell. So, in general,
we can say if my plan works out
correctly and I'm one/ird in my spot
position here under $70,000 and if I we
get another drop and we get another
drop, let's say that my average entry is
around 50K
and then my first sell is going to be at
120K. That's 140% take profit one.
That's pretty good. And assuming
conservatively we hit $180,000 Bitcoin
within the next bull run, we are talking
about almost 300%. Give or take. And if
you're ultra bullish and you think we're
going to a4 million dollars next bull
run,
well that's going to put us at about a
almost a 400% gain,
which honestly guys, 400% is funny.
People scoff at that, but who the heck
wouldn't want to forex their money
without doing anything except clicking
two buttons, buy and sell, not have to
be here every single day looking at the
chart wondering if you're going to get
stopped out for everything you have
here. Down $2,300
on the dang long trade. You know what
I'm saying? So, we are coming to value
area low. If we start closing daily
candles below this,
we're probably going below 60K once
again. All right. Now, what if we bounce
from here? What if we bounce from here?
Let's talk about some resistances along
the way up. All right, first of all, I
do want to say this. We're finally
starting to see something that we
haven't seen this whole way down, which
is a very
nice oversold anchor wave on some of
these higher time frames. All right,
we've seen just lower momentum, lower
money flow this whole time. Now, we are
finally starting to see the money flow
tick back to the upside, guys. All
right, let let it be known high time
frame money flow 6 hour 4 hour is
finally starting to tick to the upside
which means the next drop we get
depending on how this price action plays
out is finally going to have us see the
coveted uneven butt cheek pattern right
the 4hour market cipher B the 6-hour
market cipher B fat juicy left skinny
right cheek we've got the left cheek
formed here confirmed left cheek if we
see something like this as the price
maybe today, maybe tomorrow, maybe next
week, maybe in May, maybe in June. Guess
another down and then wicks back up
above here on the daily. That's actually
going to look like quite a nice bottom
here. Okay,
and we're coming back to double test
this value area low right now. In fact,
let's go ahead and extend right.
Look at this. We've actually we've just
front run it. Have we front run it? No,
we've double tapped this value area low.
It's a huge make it or break right now
for Bitcoin, guys. Huge make it or
break. If we can bounce from the if we
can hold this level. All right. And
especially if we can reclaim, let's call
it.
Well, let's go ahead and pull our our
volume profile from the
high to the low here.
O man, that's that's not looking good.
If we can start to make higher highs
here, meaning if we can start to reclaim
$68,000, that is our first sign of
strength. Right now, we've officially
changed market structure. We've taken
out these last lower highs. That's our
first real sign of strength. Until we
can do that, this is not looking the
best. All right, this is really not
looking the best. If we can do that, you
can see how easily we could squeeze all
this nonsense here. And technically, you
can see how easily we could even squeeze
all the way up to these highs here
because we've had a lot of shorts
opening. There is a lot of short
liquidity to the upside to be taken. And
I do just want to point out the fact
also that now that we are at the bottom
of the range, if we pull the fib from
the high to the low, look at where the
golden pocket comes. All right, the
golden pocket is literally exactly at
the value area high of this range. All
right. In other words, if this is going
to give us a correction to the upside
and continue in a downtrend, we have the
ultimate confluence right here. Not only
do we have the value area high of the
range there, but if we look at all this,
we have the point of control of this
upper range coming in right there as
well. And not only that guys, but if we
take a look at the volume weighted
average price from the high that we made
over here on Wednesday the 6th of May,
you can see that the anchored VWAP is
also literally touching that value area.
Okay. So there is a chance here for a
big move to the upside. Um
where in my opinion we either reject
from around this area and make a lower
low or maybe maybe we just made
ourselves a this is this is the back
test. Like is there a chance that this
is a back test right now?
Yeah, there's a chance. The reason I say
that is because on the weekly time
frame, right? Look at this.
We we have come down. Hang on. No, we
don't want to delete that. We have come
down to this zone of weekly support here
where from the week of February 23rd,
March 2nd, the week of March 23rd, the
week of March 30th, we have these candle
bodies here at the value area low. And
now we've come down once again to back
test this base that we built here.
Although it's not the best looking back
test in the world. It's definitely not.
Is it possible that we get a move up
from here? It is possible. Is it most
probable? I don't think so. I don't
think so. Right now, based on this whole
rejection scenario that we have right
now, I'd say
maybe we do something like this, then we
come back down again for the low. Maybe
we spend some time around here and
eventually, you know, late summer, early
fall, we bottom out, whether it be in
the 50s or potentially lower. All right,
but we had our chance. We had our chance
to reclaim 83,000. And that was a pretty
intense rejection from there. Pretty
intense rejection. Now
I I am after a big move down like this,
we would expect today, which so far is
the case, to be in chop city. And and we
are indeed in chop city here.
Um,
and we're waiting for the market to kind
of make a move, which is why I'm in this
long trade now here, guys. All right.
Again, now I just want to reiterate
something. Okay. Yesterday when I took a
long trade, very little confluence
there, but but it's not every day I try
and catch a falling knife. I know it
seems like I'm a knife catcher. I'm not
necessarily a knife catcher like what I
did yesterday or what I'm doing now. The
reason I'm taking these trades here is
because from my perspective, all right,
from my perspective and from all the
trading that we've done within this
range here, when you come back down to a
major zone of support like we have here,
these are the places where if you're
going to go for it, you got to go for
it. All right? You don't you don't wait
for price to come all the way down to
support to say, "I'm too scared to make
a move." In my opinion, especially since
how much money we've made.
When I say we, I mean myself and those
in the Casper crew as we have been
trading this range beautifully. Longing,
shorting, longing, shorting, longing
from here, longing from here, longing
from here,
right?
Shorting from here,
shorting from here.
The amount of money that we made in this
range is like now taking these trades.
These are the times we are back at major
support. It's make it or break it. If we
make it, great. If we break it, okay, on
to the next trade. That that is how
trading is. All right. That is how
trading is. You got to go for it. You
got to use good risk management. And
when you're coming to key supports,
those are the times to be looking for
those moves. All right. when everybody's
calling for lower, when we're at major
support,
those are the times to say, you know
what, we're at major support. Maybe we
get something like this just to wreck
everybody who's calling for lower. After
a massive drop to the downside in
literally 2 days, we come down 12%. So,
you know, now I'm not saying it's going
to turn out well for this specific
trade. I'm just letting you know why I'm
taking these trades here.
It's not like I'm taking a trade
randomly in the middle of this giant
candle. Now, I've taken trades very
selectively as we come down to this area
here. All right? And I'm willing to take
that risk because oftent times, not
every time, but oftent times when you
take that risk at high timeframe levels
of support or resistance, it works out
right now. All that to say, I don't know
if this is going to work out. And I also
don't care. I also don't care like for
me personally as a trader I I don't care
if this works out or not. Uh because if
it doesn't work out well on to the next
idea. So right now I'd say there's a few
things that I'm personally looking at.
Thing number one is bouncing from this
value area low that we're at right now.
Thing number two is this. All right.
Let's go ahead and put all this stuff in
a folder.
All right.
Let's go ahead and put all this stuff in
a folder.
Let's go ahead and pull a fib from the
low we made on February 6th
to the current high. And you can see
that we are coming down quickly to uh
uh 786.
All right. So this is uh this for me at
the 786 level at 647.
This is going to be the next area where
for me this is the line in the sand
here. This is the real line in the sand
for is this value area low going to hold
because you know oftent times you don't
just tap a level once. You flirt with
the level a few times. You know you go
on one date, two dates before you
commit, right? You want to make sure you
really know the person you're now going
steady with, right? So we're down here.
get a little bounce from value area low,
you know, and then we come down one more
time, you know, and then this to me is
the line in the sand. So, that's what
I'm looking for next. And here's the
thing, depending on how things go, as I
was saying before, if we do come down
one more time to 647, now we could
actually start to see the bullish
divergences that we'd want to see on
market cipher B. Right? The price is
getting lower to key support. We dip
below the support a little bit. We look
at market cipher B. like the waitress
coming out with our coffee, uneven butt
cheeks, big on the left, nice and juicy,
skinny on the right, just around to
round out the booty and boom, we get a
bounce back up to the the value area
high of the range. You can see the
volume profile right over here, right?
The point of control, the value area
low, we get a move all the way back to
the value area high, but it's very
possible es mucho posigos,
but until that happens, we are holding
the trade on.
All right. Um,
man, we got some SpaceX shills in here.
But are are you guys really shills or
are you guys We got two SpaceX comments
in a row.
>> Oh, they're not shills. They're just
talking about Did we just get shut off?
Did we just cut off the internet? Do we
have internet right now?
Hello. Hello. Are we live? Are we live?
Let me check. Let's see if we're live or
not.
Um
um
we're back kind of. All right, we're
back kind of, baby. We're back kind of.
Woo! We're back.
All right, we're saying let's take a
look at some of these other charts here.
Let's go back in time.
Let's go back in time and compare what's
happening now with what has happened in
the past.
Right. Let's do it. Let's do it. Let's
do it. Let's do it. Let's do it. Let's
do it.
Let's do it. Let's do it. Let's do it.
Let's do it. Let's do it. All right.
Yeah. So, look at this. There's a few
possibilities here. All right.
Possibility number one. Oh my goodness,
guys. We are losing the trend line right
now going all the way back to 2019.
That is not what a Jason Casper likes to
see.
Jason Caspers don't like to see that.
So, let's discuss.
All right. All right, let's discuss
what's happening now.
So, a lot of people are likening
what's happening now to what's happened
in the past. What happened in the past
was we made our first high, we come
down, we form a little range, we make
our second high, we drop, bare flag,
and then we drop
and we get a move up and then we get
another drop. So, literally right now
people are comparing the chart saying
it's the same thing. We have our first
high,
we have our range, we have our second
high, we have our bare flag, we have our
drop, we have our move up, and then we
make another low.
I think that's looks to be pretty
accurate con especially considering the
fact that this high right
from the high to the low was about
300 about a year 370 days give or take
and from this high to the low is going
to put us at about
uh you know November is that's right
around right here the end of October
This is exactly when our four-year cycle
top,
right? 500 days after the having. The
having happens in April 2024. 500 days
after that is our all-time high, right?
500 days
was the right around here June 2020 was
our having. So from the having
to the all-time high
is about 500 days.
And from the all-time high to the bottom
is about uh a year 365 days. Right? So
we have our having that happened right
over here in April 2024.
From this to the all-time high was about
500 days. All right. From the all-time
high to our projected low about a year
370ish days. That's coming in at the end
of October. So, I mean, so far, guys,
things are right on target. Things are
right on schedule with the four-year
having cycle is still working. We had a
little bit of a not a scare, but we we
really did have what looked to be a we
had a really good fake out here because
we had money flow turning bullish. We
had the monthly looking like she was
going to turn bullish, right? Um, but
then we could not we could not reclaim
this. All right, we could not reclaim
the support resistance flip that goes
back to the spring of 2025.
So that was actually our rejection of
coming back into that range. All right,
so we have had a rejection here
and I what would I like to happen? I
would like for us to do what we did last
time. I would like for us to get one
more big drop. All right, we had this
kind of low. We get the move up.
We drop, we back test, we drop, we back
test, big old capitulation, you know.
Let's let's see if we can't do something
like that, right? Let's see if we can't
do something like this. Back test, we
drop, back test, big old capitulation,
right down to around that 786 fib. All
right, that would that would be the best
in my opinion. I mean, let's not forget
that every market bottom comes down to
the 786 fib every time. So, right here,
we came down to the 786 fib. And look,
I've been, you know, we've been talking
about it since October. I don't know if
it's going to happen, but my plan right
now is to come down and dip right into
that 786 fib. Well, when I say my plan,
this is my plan for me to make the most
money during this next bull run on spot.
So, the comment was people are thinking
the chart is repeating last cycle and
that's why they're buying. Uh, I don't
quite see that. As you see, if the chart
is repeating last cycle, uh people
should be expecting another drop, right?
But who knows? Things were different
last time as well because that initial
drop was below the golden pocket. We
haven't even hit the golden pocket yet.
All right, so there are some
differences. There are some similarities
here.
One thing for certain I would say is
that
let's put on this. Let's put on this.
Let's put on this
There you go. I would say, you know,
there's some similarities, there's some
differences. The one thing we can say
for sure, for certain, is that
Bitcoin, if if you're bullish on
Bitcoin, which I am, I mean, this is
Bitcoin alltime history.
I mean, pretty much there's nothing
bearish about this chart in general,
right? There are there are a few
concerns here.
Um, but in general, there's nothing
bearish about this chart, right? And so,
I expect Bitcoin to make new alltime
highs, which means if we are going to
dip down toward those targets, it's a
great time to buy. Now, here's the
thing. What are some concerns that we
see here? Well, we had a pattern. The
pattern was three blue candles, one
purple. Three blue, one purple. Three
blue, one purple. Now we have two blue.
And so far half the year is gone and
we're in a purple. Are we switching to
two blues, two purples, two blues, two
purples? It is interesting to see the
the volatility slow down here, start to
become more rangy. That is something to
keep in mind. But I would not be
surprised to see Bitcoin at $500,000
within the next nine years. In which
case, if I can buy, the lower I can buy,
the better it'll be for me, you know,
when I'm old. Well, I'm already old. I'm
about to turn old in a few months. I'm
only I'm literally
I am 2 months, guys, away from being 36.
I just turned 36 yesterday. I just
turned 35 yesterday. I just turned 27
yesterday, guys.
All right. I just got married yesterday
and I'm about to celebrate my 12th
anniversary in a few days. I can't.
Look, time goes by so quick. All right,
time goes by so dang quick, guys. All
right, so this is where we're at. All
right, and I'm in I'm in the long trade.
I'm down two grand. Big shout out to
everybody. Um,
as long as the blue stays bigger.
Yeah, this song makes me smile, too, you
know. Smash up the like.
Smash up the likes.
You notice that there's a voice lag?
Huh,
that's strange.
Is anyone still holding from pre204?
That's a good question. Is anyone still
holding from pre204? Let's go ahead and
take a poll.
Are you holding from pre204?
I feel like very very very very few of
us. I didn't even get into Bitcoin until
2016.
All right, guys. Quick reminder, KSEX
lowest fees, 10% deposit bonus up to
$21,000 in rewards. It's legitimately a
good deal. Also, Antarctic Decentralized
Exchange, lowest fees on a DEX, trades
like a sex. mobile app is on fire and
all that good stuff. All right. Also, if
you want to join the Casper crew, jason
caspertrading.com,
click the link to join the best trading
community in the world. This morning, we
had all
all four instructors
giving their analysis here
talking about their trading plans. It
was great to hear Boyan, Thor, and White
Phoenix discuss their view on the
charts.
Um,
looks like we do have some lag though.
Looks like my computer's tweaking out.
Check, check, check.
A little bit of a tweak out.
Shout out to Jack Boy says, "Bitcoin
will never hit 20,000." It will.
Did I hear about that 11-year-old idle
Bitcoin wallet that suddenly moved
Bitcoin into a burnt a burn wallet? Oh,
didn't hear about that. I don't really
pay attention to that stuff, guys. I
don't really pay attention to that
stuff. Um,
yeah. I don't know what's up the
computer right now. We We lost the
stream for a bit, you know.
I'm looking in the chat to see what you
guys are saying here.
No sound audio is good.
Squirt 101 says I'm looking at 40k which
is 67% retracement from alltime high.
You go back every cycle. That is Yeah.
Yeah. That's why I'm doing that, too.
That's why I'm doing that, too.
What's the reason I'm not waiting for
649? Why did I long here? I longed here
because we're bouncing from the value
area low. I'm trying to catch a a nice
bottom. That's why. All right.
So, let's see what happens. I I I'm not
feeling super confident in it.
So,
I'm hoping we can get something good
from it. It's very strange. My computer
is literally bugging out right now.
All right.
Let me hit the refresh button.
See if that works here.
Yesesh. Look at this, guys.
We're down almost three grand right now.
All right. Smash up the likes.
What's my current target? Um I to the
upside or to the downside. To the upside
my first target is going to be
around 70k
then probably yeah around 70k to but but
well I'll just be honest with you. My
real first target is going to be around
70K. Then my next target is going to be
around $74,000
to the upside. To the downside,
my target is going to be 64.7,
right? Just making a double bottom,
taking a little bit of the liquidity
for a bounce or to the downside, my
target is going to be the the macro
golden pocket. Which one is going to be
hit first? I I don't know. I don't know,
you know. I look, I'm just here to keep
it real, guys.
And I don't know. I don't know. So, if
you've been around long enough, you know
my style of trading. You know the method
to my madness.
And uh
right now I'm just I'm just trading how
I trade, which so far has me to do about
I lost maybe close to losing maybe 10
grand over the course of two days right
now, which isn't a good feeling, but
it's part of the part of the process,
sadly.
But you know, it is that's exactly
that's exactly what it is, guys. It
simply is part of the process. All
right. Simply as part of the process,
right?
Yeah, I don't know is the best answer
whatever. I mean, look, when it comes to
these markets, nobody really knows for
sure. And there's a big difference
between being a trader and being an
investor and being a gambler. So, you
know,
Cryptoface made a killing yesterday.
Yeah, I saw he was in like a $10 million
trade. He made like almost 300 grand,
which is funny because, you know, for
Cryptoface, that's not even a lot of
money compared to compared to the trades
that he's taken in the past. I mean,
he's made a million dollars in one trade
multiple times on live stream. Back in
the days, man, when Bitcoin was was
volatile, some of the most epic
cryptoface streams in the world were
those in 2020, 2021.
Those were insane. Those were some
insane live streams, guys.
you know,
Bitcoin going to 50K, I think. So, how
will I decide when this trade is
invalidated? When it hits my stop loss.
When it hits the stop loss. Simple as
that.
Yeah. Simple as that. Guys,
can I explain adding to a trade before
taking profit? Yeah. You always want to
add to a trade before you take profit.
If you take profit, then add to a trade.
It's like putting acid into water versus
water into acid. You always want to put
acid into water. Never water into acid,
right? You always want to add to the
trade before taking profits.
It's better for your entry. It's always
better for your entry. Let's take a look
at macro strategy.
Oh,
micro strategy dumping like a wild lady
in distress,
running through the wilderness with a
launcher basket on her head, looking
strangely like Janet Yellen.
It looks like Micro Strategy wants to go
for these lows as well.
You know, this is already a nice low for
Micro Strategy. This looks like a giant
old fake out.
It looks like we want to go for the
green line at $100.
It really looks like she wants to go for
$100. The reason I say that is because
this low right here from the 30th of
March was really nice. We took the
liquidity,
formed a really nice looking low, having
taken the liquidity from the 23rd of
February.
And now that we're coming back down
inside this range here, right? We're
coming back down inside the range of the
support resistance flip.
Uh having already made a nice low here,
we're probably now going to go for these
lows because you have to think to
yourself, let's let's start this over.
You have to think to yourself, look at
what we have going on here. Let's remove
this
and let's put on a ray.
All right, we have this series
of higher lows,
right? We have this series of higher
lows here.
And so the liquidity right now is going
to be below these lows coming down to
take the liquidity at 100. That would be
so epic.
That would be so epic for uh
just insane amounts capitulation if
we're taking 100. Well, man. Yeah. Look
at this beautiful support resistance
flip here too
at around 88 bucks.
Yeah, I would I would love a move down
there. I would love a move down here on
Micro Strategy. This would be so nice.
That would be another from where we're
at 30%.
That would be down from our high in
October
or I guess the high was in July.
That would be a nice 81% drop.
That would be beautiful.
And that'd be a great place to bottom
out, too, because you know, once we're
down that low, everyone's going to be so
scared cuz Micro Strategies for the
Bitcoin normies, honestly. Let's be
honest. and all the Bitcoin nomies are
going to talk about the head and
shoulder breaking down. Sell it all.
But yeah, micro strategies for the
Bitcoin NPCs. No offense,
whatever the guy's name is. I always
confuse Richard Hart and Michael Sailor
for some reason. Totally different, but
whatever his name is, no offense to the
guy. All right, Michael Sailor.
But yeah,
that's that's a juicy level right there.
Can you imagine strategy down like at
$88,
Bitcoin down at 38,000?
That would be nice. That would be a nice
market bottom. All right, look at this.
Let's check out our Bitcoin trade here.
Speaking of losing money, we're losing
$2,400 right now in the red. Or should I
say in the purple on Antarctic,
you know,
shout out to Mela Ciskiss who says,
"Love from Hungary."
I I know two words in Hungarian. I know
Seio, which means hello or goodbye.
Seio, right? And I know loofas, which I
think means horse penis.
I those are the only two words I know in
Hungarian. Loas and seal.
See you. Loas. Hello, horse penis. Or
goodbye.
That's all I know how to say. All right.
Um,
Richard Hart is gone. Was he the hex guy
or whatever?
Yep. I'm holding the long, man. I'm
holding the dang long trade.
You know, it is what it is, guys. If I
if I lose if I lose 10 grand, yeah,
it'll suck, but I'll still be in juicy
net profit. On to the next trade. All
right.
So,
Zia is pronounced Zia, not Zio. All
right. Zio. Zeia. Zia. Zia. Zia. All
right.
See, look. I'm right. Yeah. Loaz,
that's all I know.
Don't ask me how I know.
Actually, the only reason I know is cuz
I had a Hungarian friend.
I think Well, I don't know. I haven't
talked to her since many years,
but we never had a moment where we
stopped being friends. You guys have a
lot of people like that, right? you're
friends with somebody, then you don't
talk for like many years.
Now I'm the kind of guy where, you know,
if I'm friends with somebody 12 years
ago, 13 years ago, haven't seen you,
haven't talked to you. If I saw you, I
feel like we it's just like been a few
days. What's up, bro?
You know, nothing weird about that,
right?
I know short already covered the loss.
Yeah. Plus, I I've already locked in
like however many tens of thousands on
on on the way up. So, it's all it's all
G. Yeah, but I'm trying to catch that
knife. All right. Dave Digital wants to
know, "Have I seen my plunger?
Um, how much leverage is this long?"
It's uh only 11x.
Leverage doesn't matter.
If you think leverage matters, go check
out the Jason Casper YouTube channel.
All right, check out the Jason Casper.
Wait, no, this is the wrong button.
Check out Oh, by the way, guys, thank
you so much for 160,000 subscribers.
That's amazing. All right, God bless
y'all. But if you think,
let's check it out.
If you think leverage matters, check out
the Jason Casper free trading course.
All
right. And check out my video on
leverage.
I've got a leverage video in here
somewhere.
I think it has to do with in the risk
management video. I think it's right
here.
>> Right here. The second video in the
whole course goes over leverage. You
know, I think I I go over leverage here
if I'm not mistaken.
Yeah, leverage don't matter. If you're a
real trader, leverage doesn't matter. If
you're a gambler, leverage matters. If
you're here to gamble, you're going to
lose it all with leverage. If you're
here to trade, as long as as long as
you're not getting liquidated and your
position size and stop-loss fit with
your risk management strategy, then the
leverage literally does not matter.
You know,
shout out to preparing for war. Did you
get your client funding account winners?
Did you get your client funding accounts
yet? Cuz I got note that they were they
were issued. Shout out to Alex O Crypto
in the house. Make sure to go subscribe.
Did I buy spot at 60k? No, it was not
quite that low, but I did buy spot
around 65K.
How do you use 11x leverage in the US?
Well, there's a few options. You could
use a non KYC exchange like KSEX, which
has the lowest fees period.
The lowest fees period,
0% limit order, 0.01% market order, 10%
deposit bonus, $21,000
up to claim it, all that stuff. Or you
could use a decentralized exchange like
Antarctic.
Antarctic decentralized exchange which
functions like a centralized exchange
with a mobile app and all that good
stuff. Very new exchange but token
generating generation event happening
very soon. New updates coming ASAP.
That's how I do it at least.
You didn't receive yours. Well, if you
didn't receive it, hit me up.
Uh, open up a ticket in the free Discord
and we've got a client support channel
in there, too. So, the guys will hook it
up for you. All right. Uh, 655
is where you bought spot. Felix got his.
All right. Felix got his account. That's
what's up.
Says you're VIP zero. I think VIP zero
is the
Let's see. Is VIP zero
Huh? No, you should be VIP 5. Yeah, if
you signed up using my link, you should
be VIP 5, guys, on Antarctic.
>> You should be SVIP, which is secret VIP
Jason Casper only. All right. So, if
you're not,
and you definitely use my link, then
open up a support ticket in my free
Discord in the Antarctic support channel
and they will fix it for you. All right?
because you should have these fees if
you signed up using my link on
Antarctic. And if you don't, let me
know. I'll reach out to Antarctic
anyway, just to make sure we still got
this rolling because this should have a
100% discount on Maker, 60% discount on
Taker if you're using the JC link, the
Jason Kaspa link,
you know.
All right, if you're VIP zero, let me
hit up Antarctic now.
actually. All right, let me hit him up
now.
>> I'll hit him. I just hit him up right
now. All right, we'll get that fixed if
if it's a few people.
I'm 100x long and strong. I know you're
all about the reactive trader mind, but
maybe just hold your long and let it go
underwater.
Seller selling 32 Bitcoin not even
interesting to me.
Well, I am holding a long underwater
is
you know
how long does VIP 5 last? It should last
forever. It should last forever. All
right, me and AX, we've got a deal.
Lowest fees, baby. All right. Low fees.
It's It's my official my official Dex.
All right. Does Antarctic have an app?
Yes. Yeah, it has an app. Look, it's
just like it's just like any other
mobile app.
You you you sign through your your
wallet.
It's just like any other app. You got
all my trades up in here.
You're looking at the same thing, same
trades that are open now on the phone,
right?
And you can do all the stuff on the
phone.
It's just like any old centralized
exchange. That's what's so great about
it.
Yeah. Nobody should be paying more than
00 and 02.
Hey Jay, do you sometimes let Big West
28 climb in your back and hold on
whenever you can't find your weighted
vest? Big West 28 does often times I do
give her piggyback rides often. All
right, I do give her piggyback rides
often because I do like to do the
weighted cardio. All right,
but
Big West 28
weighs about 125 lbs. So, Big West 28 is
much heavier than this weighted vest.
Um,
she's much heavier than this weighted
vest. So, I can't carry her for very
long, especially not uphill. But, I
would if I had to. You know my goal my
goal the only reason I lift weights guys
the only reason I'm into fitness is in
case I'm ever in a situation where
my wife
and children
are all falling off a cliff and they're
hanging on to me and I'm hanging on to
the top of the cliff and I have to do a
weighted pull-up to get us all back to
safety. All right.
Shout out to any [__]
thin chat who says, "This is your
government. You are being rescued. Do
not resist." I repeat, do not resist.
Stop resisting. Thank you, government.
You know, Big Bus 28 let me do some
crazy stuff for her. I remember this one
time we were hiking and it was a very
rocky hike, a very rocky hike and I had
her on my back piggyback ride and I'm
like running and jumping across all
these boulders.
And I think back to myself thinking,
man, I can't believe number one she'd
let me do that. I can't believe number
two I did that. That's that's kind of
dangerous. You know, one slip
and we both could have gotten like
really hurt to the point where we could
have died on that hiking trail. I mean,
it was not It was in the middle of
nowhere, man.
Sheesh. But we didn't have kids back
then, so you know, young and dumb, kids
do something to you. I remember when I
was younger, I used to be pissed that
like guys had to pay more. Unmarried
young men had to pay more in car
insurance. And at the time, I lived in
New Jersey where car insurance is very
expensive.
And then I quickly realized
how much having a wife and kids changes
the way you drive. But here's what they
don't know. You only drive differently
if your wife and kids are in the car. If
they're not in the car, you drive just
like you did when you were 18.
You know,
so having wife and kids in the car, I do
think is safe safer than not,
you know.
Stacking seems much less stressful than
trying to play every move. Seriously.
Yeah, just stack your sats. I mean, in
all seriousness, stacking Satoshi's is
way less stressful than trading.
But, uh, trading is fun. And
I if if if trading is fun for you, then
do it. All right? If trading is not fun
for you, don't do it. That really is
comes down to it. All right?
If you're stressed out trading, you
shouldn't be trading. Seriously.
All right. So, we need to reclaim 66166.
It's a lot of sixes here.
And if we can, then maybe maybe just
maybe we can come up to the daily high
at 67486
on AX. All right.
Exactly. It's way more It's way safer
when you're wasting the car because then
you can pay attention to the laptop and
and the charts. for example, if they're
not in the car, do I trade and drive?
I I cannot confirm nor deny.
All right. I don't want to get myself in
trouble here. Anything I I say can and
will be used against me in a court of
law. You know what I'm saying?
Yeah. Divine Hood knows we still drive
like 18 when there's no one in the car.
Yeah. you know, you're taking those
crazy turns, spinning out, you know,
healing out
all that stuff.
What's a good amount to risk per trade
with a $50,000 account?
Well, I like the 1% rule.
All right, so that'd be like 500 bucks.
500 bucks per trade
is a good amount to risk. 1%. If I'm
trading with a $500,000 account, I'm
risking five grand. Is my 1%.
Yeah, trading while driving is for sure
bad. Here's the problem, though. All
right, and this is this is
scientifically proven. All right, this
is scientifically proven. Let's say, for
example, that you're planning to take a
trade from here and you've been waiting
10 hours. You've been at the computer
all day. 10 hours. You have to go to the
store cuz your wife needs something from
the store. He said, "I promise I'll go.
I'll just give me a minute. Wait for my
trade to hit, babe. You know, babe,
look, five more minutes for sure. We're
going to come and take the liquidity for
sure in 5 minutes. 10 hours, 12 hours go
by, 24 hours go by, 36 hours go by. All
right, I guess it's not going to happen.
Let me go in the car, go to the store."
Now, it's not going to happen in your
driveway. It's not even going to happen
on your street. But as soon as you get
on the main drag, boom,
trade hits. All right, alerts go off.
Ding, ding, ding. Now you're swerving
doing all this crazy stuff. Let's see.
Let's see. Doing all the crazy stuff.
Let me see. I There is a picture of it.
You guys know what picture I'm talking
about.
This one right here.
driving and trading, being chased by the
cops.
Look at the cops
chasing me down. These new these new
cars, they got the the dang TV right
there in the dashboard.
All right, it happens as soon as you get
in the car. Why is that? It's just like,
why doesn't Bitcoin do anything until
you're going on a date with your wife?
Very strange things, honestly. Yeah,
it's an absolute science. Absolutely.
Does hype come back down? Let's Let's
check it out.
Trading while driving. I've done worse.
Yeah, let's check out hype.
Oh my goodness.
I mean, eventually hype has to come back
down at some point, right?
It can't go up forever,
but we broke the alltime high,
resistance, back test, and boom, baby.
Then we got this little tiny pullback
here. We're finally starting to get some
bear divs on the daily, though.
At some point, it's going to have to
come back. Here's how I look at it. Like
I've always say, you know, I can't buy
anything like this. I can't buy hype. I
can't buy the hype. I got to wait for
some kind of a pullback.
So, in an extremely bullish situation,
$63 is a nice support resistance flip.
Um,
what would be a really great trade to
take?
Right now, the best trade opportunity in
the world for hype would be $41. Be
between 41 and 45. I mean this would be
like right now the best
time the best place to buy if the
uptrend continues. This is our macro
Fibonacci golden pocket. So assuming
that this is one big leg up, you know.
Um
yeah, I I don't know. I don't know. I
wonder what the vinehood thinks about
this. He's an Elliot wave guy.
TA is not working on hype. It's not that
TA is not working on hype. It's just the
the good levels aren't being hit. But
this is very technical in the sense that
we had the all-time high. We tap into it
once, we reject, then we get the
reclaim, the back test. As soon as we
close the daily candle above, confirm
back test. we pump up to a new alltime
high. Um, that is very technical. You
know, the problem is for someone like me
who doesn't really want to like throw
tons of money into hype unless I have a
very precise entry. You know, I'm not
I'm not getting a good setup, you know.
Not getting a good setup.
Let me check something real quick.
I want to see how
All right, I've hit 20,000 steps. I'm
going to take off this dang weighted
vest. Give me one second here.
I got 20,000 steps in with the 25 lb
weighted vest today. That's not so bad
considering it's a rest day.
It's a rest day.
Ando and Near, we're pumping. Nice. All
right, Divine Hood, did you short those?
Oh, or go on vacation. Yeah, go on
vacation. That'll do it.
The 1.618 is 85. Let's check out the fib
extension
where you're pulling it from, but
you're probably pulling it from lower.
I mean, I have a 1.272 from the uh April
2025 low
at 83.
We're above the one to one.
What is this? Oh, praise God. Thank you,
Lord.
Man, God is so good.
God is so good.
The Lord is so good.
Yeah. I don't know what fib fib
extension you're pulling here, but
I wish I knew. I knew which one you were
pulling there.
All right. Oh, Bitcoin's trying to get a
little pump. Let's see if we can Let's
see if we can get this trade into the
green.
Then that would be crazy.
That would be crazy. We could get this
trade into the green.
Oh, you like my haircut? Thank you,
guys. Smash up the likes if you like my
hair.
How's it look?
Shout out to Tipsy who's VIP5 right now.
>> All right. What were we just Yeah, an
egg code. Let's get an egg code for
today, guys. Let's get an egg code for
today.
All right, guys. The code is haircut.
All right, haircut.
You want some eggs in the Discord?
Haircut. And if you're wondering, Jason,
what
in God's green earth are eggs? Well, let
me let me explain. Let me explain. Eggs
are the currency of the Jason Casper
Discord. Free and paid. And so if you
want to win money where every single
week we're giving away hundreds of
dollars. All right, we've got ourselves
all these. We're giving away hundreds of
dollars a week. All right, we got the
$1,000 giveaway for those who have the
most eggs.
Then we're giving away, you know, $500
giveaways, the $200 giveaways, the $100
giveaways, the $50 giveaways. We're
giving away VIP Discord for one month
and two months. The way that you enter
into these raffles is by using eggs. The
way you get eggs is going into the quest
channel and claiming your eggs like
this. And the code today is haircut.
Go ahead and submit that. You'll get
eggs five if you're in VIP, one if
you're not in VIP.
And then we have egg wars games that we
do
every day.
In fact, right now egg wars is going on
now for people getting eggs. We have our
daily egg drop where you just come and
claim your eggs every single day and
then you can use those to get money. All
right.
So close to having a man button.
You think so? I don't know, man. Yeah,
maybe. I I guess you're right. Um Dave
Digital, I guess you're right, man.
I could I could I could go with a
fauxhawk right now.
go with the fauxhawk, you know.
Do eggs expire? No, these are farm fresh
eggs and they have the bloom which keeps
those eggs fresh for like
3 months now. They don't expire, but we
encourage you to use them for the egg
for the sake of the egg economy. Where
do I think ETH could go today? Etherium.
Let's check out Etherum, baby.
Well, we obviously didn't reclaim the
support resistance flip, which could
have given us a move up to 3500 before
another low. We're at the macro PC on
ETH, which means if this does not hold,
we're at the bottom of the range, then
I'd say we're going to value area low.
I'd say we're coming back down to value
area low around 1500.
Um, but of course, it's on the daily
time frame. This is obviously a pretty
key level. Let's check this.
Where could ETH go?
Yeah, I don't know.
We really It looks like we want to come
down lower. It looks like we want to
come down lower, but I don't know if
it'll happen today.
B art Zet maybe, bro. If I did, then I
I'm sorry. They They played the They
played the game, bro. I forget. I think
I sent them like 200 bucks.
Shout out to Remo. He says, "The
fauxhawk is looking casexi." Big shouts
to KSEX
centralized exchange. Lowest fees in the
world. Link in the description. All
right. It's looking K sexy.
K sexy.
Got to get this fauxhawk.
It actually looks kind of legit. Like if
this was 2004 right now,
right? If this is 2004, you would take
me seriously right now. You know what
I'm saying? You would take me so
seriously right now. If this is 2000
bottom in June or October, I'd say I'm
hoping for more so October. 12minute
looking good. Let's check out the
12minute on Ethereum.
Yeah, 12-minute on Ethereum does look
pretty nice
and we've taken the local low. Yeah,
12minute on ETH does look nice. So, I'd
have to say then hopefully we can get a
Bitcoin and an ETH bounce today
and maybe ETH can come up to daily high
back test this value area low.
You know, if this if these 12-minute
dips play out, then I think it would
make sense that ETH would get a move up
to
maybe around 1900.
Maybe come back into the range a bit. I
think this is probably our ETH range
right now.
You were born in O2. Oh my goodness, I'm
so old.
I'm so old.
Jason Lincoln Park version. Yeah, right.
Dear Jason, please say Donald Rump.
There you go. Donald Rump.
The orange rump. People always wonder
what color is Donald Trump's rump. The
same color as his face. It's mad orange.
All right, let's check out this Bitcoin
trade here. ETH is trying to pump. ETH
is trying to pump. Bitcoin is trying to
pump. I think if Bitcoin pumps we can
come up to 67486.
Come on Biddy.
Come on Bae. Come on.
>> What would my entry to hype and year be
if it comes down? Well, like I said,
for hype,
the best uh the best buy would be for me
would be between 40 and 45. Like that's
an amazing price based on this market
structure. Near.
Wow. Look at near right now.
How do I have this? Must be log scale.
Wow. Look at Okay, so yeah, we've broken
that out. So near is getting a swing
failure pattern. See how this daily
candle closes.
Um, let's take a look at the volume of
this whole wedge.
O,
it's honestly not not really the best
thing I want to see here. Let's do this.
I mean, we're looking for like the best
buys, right? Based on volume and
Fibonacci, I I'd have to say around
eight0.
Yeah, around a$180 would be a nice
place. We'd be back testing the wedge,
back testing the value area high local,
back testing the Fibonacci golden pocket
macro.
Ah, come on, Bitcoin. You're going to
give us a dirty per. Big shout out to P
Software.
>> Would you say it's more probable to hit
72 to 74 or 62 to 60? I've long this
level. Stop loss at 60. I think we'll be
raging here for a bit.
Um, well, I'll be I'm so sorry, but
thank you for the super chat, but I do
not know. I do not know. I I could I
could see it going either way, and I'm
not sure. Hence the reason why I'm long
and holding underwater.
Uh, I'm looking for a long cuz we're at
support.
I recognize we could get a rotation back
up towards 72 from here.
Um, but I I don't know. I really don't
know what's more probable right now. I'm
pretty 50/50 on it.
So, I'm trading according to my bias,
but thank you so much for the super
chat.
>> No way is going back there. All right.
All right.
You were born in O2 and you feel old.
What are you? How old are you? 14, 15,
16? I can't do math. You're 14 years
old. You feel old at 14. Come on. You
don't feel old.
>> You don't feel old. No one feels old at
14.
Feels like yesterday I was I was 14.
Honestly,
>> man. Praise God.
Come on. Blue candle.
Can we even get a handle with the juicy
blue candle? I'm out here in my sandals.
Maybe we bark sideways till Friday and
then Yee-haw to 72. Yeah, maybe.
Maybe, maybe,
maybe, maybe. Look, maybe. Just don't
get scabies. Just don't let the price
action give you scabies, right?
Maybe. Just don't get scabies.
Hey OJ, could the price go up? I say
maybe. Just make sure the canoes don't
give you scabies. Could we dump down? I
say maybe. Just check yourself. Risk
management for scabies. You want to get
the scabies coming in. Don't get chopped
up. Where do I begin? Make sure to
always use a stop loss. Make sure to eat
lots of fiber and applesauce. Next thing
I know, I'm the final trading boss.
We're coming in flossing my teeth with
dental floss. We're coming up and down.
Next thing we're getting lost out on the
hiking trail, then we take a loss.
Negative $1,000. But if you're bullish,
baby, let me hear you holler. The
Bitcoin price is wearing a white collar.
Taking it back downtown, then we holler,
"Hey, baby. Hey J, we're in the house
trading Bitcoin, baby, for the Bitcoin
bounce.
And let me take a peek to see if market
cipher B has any uneven cheeks. We go to
Bitcoin. Listen to me sing so annoying.
You can hear the bell ring. Go babing
from the V. Hopefully the price don't
dumb down to hell. Hopefully we flash
off then we go through resistance. The
bitcoins up and then we go the distance.
We get in the car fire off on our
pistons
like my good friend named Tristan. Yo
Tristan long the top then he's short at
the bottom. So I told him to stop. He
said, "Jay, the agreed. It gets me
enough." I say, "Bro, you got to take it
easy. Don't be calm. No one wants to be
a hero on the Twitter. Taking
screenshots instead of promise." Now let
me hear you say, "Oh crap, that's not
what you got to do." Make sure your
trades are always in the blue, never in
the purple like this one. Like Steve,
it's so fun. Looking around just to
slurp your suburb. Yo, we got a squirt
yo outside. Got the super soaker. Pump
it up. Pull the trigger. Yo, out. We got
the water in my face. Jay Casper in the
house. What a disgrace.
And then we got it in the place to take
profit like we're running up the race.
We got liquidity up here, my dear. Sit
back and I'mma spit it in your ear.
Don't be clear, you got to keep it
straight. When we come above the level,
then we go through the gate to the
prostate exam. Stick one finger in. Got
the rubber glove. Where do I begin? You
get one finger in then you go farther.
The Bitcoin price, baby. I am your
father, Luke. Luke, I am your father.
The Bitcoin price is tumbling up harder
and we're going hotter than we're going
cold. Don't you know the prostate exam
is cold? We got the entry but we are
down below. 6667 649. Hello. Who's this?
The market makers call it. Your margin
is up now. We got you off and down.
Oh man. What the heck?
What the heck?
You feel old and you're 14 and you're
scared to go in your 30s. But I'll be
honest, 30s are way better than your
14s. All right,
let's take a look at order flow.
Let's take a look at order flow.
When you're in your 30s, you that's when
you start freestyling about prostate
exams.
Look at this disgusting one minute
chart. We have longs piling in.
Um,
let's go to the 15minute.
Like, I don't even know if I consider
this bullet CVD at all. I don't know
what I call this. I call this Chop City.
Chop City, baby.
prostate exam. Luke, I am your father.
Yeah, this is why I can't rap. People
say, "Why don't I rap about God?"
>> It's because I have no idea what I'm
going to say. It might I might start
rapping about prostate exams. Right. So,
aren't we supposed to wait for deviation
of EAL before thinking of longs? Maybe.
Sometimes, sometimes, sometimes yes,
sometimes no.
We got a nice bounce from the level.
We got a nice bounce from the level. We
changed locally. Market structure
bullish for me. I said, you know what?
Let's go bat. But how'd that turn out
for me? Not the best. Not the best. Not
the best. Can I look at Etherus? We did
look at Etherus. And you know what? We
were just looking at Etherus saying to
ourselves, you know what? Etherus
potentially has some nice bold div here.
Looks like we might be able to squeeze
up to 18889.
1888.89.
You know,
>> how do you spot divergences on CBD?
Quite simple. Quite simple. Go to the
free course on Jason Casper's YouTube
channel and check out the order flow and
CBD explained how
how to CBD divergences and absorption.
Not how to find not how to identify how
to right for the sake of for the sake of
clicks and YouTube algorithms. I
actually made it not make sense. I know
it sounds crazy, but most people
probably wouldn't even notice this was
grammatically incorrect.
They just want to see this and this
together. How to and divergences. That's
what they want to see. You know,
if I had to lose 30 lbs of fat fast,
this is what this guy would do. If he
wanted to lose 30 lbs of fat fast, he
would do this. All right? If he wanted
if he had to lose it, not if not even if
he wanted to, if he had to,
this is what he would do. First of all,
he would shave his beard. As you can
see, the beard is gone. on when he's
leaner. That's a big That's That's
That's a hack right there. All right. If
I If I had to lose 30 lbs fast, I would
shave off this hair.
You know, that's what I would do.
Come on, Bitcoin. Please don't dump on
me.
Please don't dump on me.
Sudep doesn't think God will be uh
offended about prostate. Yeah, you're
you're right. You're right. You're
right. All
right. You know what?
We have to get off the treadmill. We're
going to We're going to go We're going
to go rogue. We're going to go straight
into the driveway. All right. Shout out
to Oscar. He says, "Jason, please say K
dot."
All right. I just said it. I just said K
dot,
man.
PSMF is the answer to losing weight and
fat quickly. What's PSMF?
Oh, a protein sparing modified fast.
Yeah, there you go. Yeah, that's that's
what Thomas Dauer would say and a whole
bunch of other people on the internet.
Internet people say protein sparing
modified fast will help you lose fat
quick.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. They do suck though. They
suck. Protein sparing modified fasting
sucks. I'd rather just fast. I'd rather
just not eat than eat protein only. Let
me go on a little rant about how much I
hate low carb diets, even if it's just
for one day.
I hate low carb diets so much. I'm such
a high carb guy. If I was a girl, my
name would be High Carb Hannah. All
right, I love carbs. I don't understand
how people live on low carb.
People say once you cut out the carbs,
you feel good. You have more energy.
I feel like garbage with no carbs. I
feel depressed with no carbs. I feel
like life is is is a drag with no carbs.
I mean, I'm not even kidding you. Like
when I had no carbs, after about 2 or 3
weeks of that, I'm in total despair
questioning why I'm even. I'm not even
kidding. It's like getting up in the
morning is like a drudge. I don't want
to do it. Give me some high carbs, baby.
And then you know what? People even say
when you eat carbs in the morning, all
it's going to do is spike your insulin
and then drop your blood sugar and then
you're going to be hungry in two hours
and tired and groggy. Not me. Not me.
No. If I only eat fat and protein for
breakfast, I feel like crap. Feel like
garbage. Absolute crap and garbage.
All right, I'm done. I'm done. I'm done
with the rant.
I'm done with the rant. Everyone eat the
way you want. Think my hair looks nice
today? Thank you. I just got back from
the stylist.
Shout out to memory man. And he's on day
three of master cleanse. He's entering
into the euphoria phase. Man, the master
cleanse. Me and the master cleanse go
way back. Memory, man. That's the one
with the lemon juice, the grade B
organic maple syrup, and the cayenne
pepper. Right. That's what's up.
Yeah.
Jason goes to restaurants and asks for
gluten-free menu. I usually don't go to
restaurants. I kind of hate going to
restaurants.
But if I do go to a restaurant, I
usually go to a steakhouse and get
steak, potatoes, and vegetables.
I usually get meat and and potatoes and
vegetables. Shout out to Daniel soy 233.
Shout out to France
Cesco Gapanisca 2316. Because carbs
transform into sugar in the body. Yeah,
I mean so does fat and protein. So does
everything.
Right. Gluconneogenesis
typically the bull market is three years
and fair market and bare market one
year. Yeah. From having to top is 500
days.
Um
Gerbin 1610 says low carb is so good for
me. I'm glad low carb is good for you,
man. I wish low carb was good for me. I
wish it was good for me, but it ain't.
But it ain't
just happened there. Nah, it ain't good
for me.
Do I eat tacos or carneasada?
Not really. I do love him, don't get me
wrong, but um,
but no, I don't really eat that.
I don't I don't really eat that cuz I
don't uh unless I made my own tortillas,
then I I don't think I would eat tacos.
Um,
see,
do I like pizza, Zachon? Of course I I
love pizza.
Can I end the stream with a Hebrew
prayer? What Hebrew prayer should I end
with?
What Hebrew prayer should I end with?
Let me know what what Hebrew prayer
should I end the stream with? Let me
know.
Do I drink alcohol? I haven't had
alcohol in a very long time. I had last
time I had alcohol was Passover. On
Passover, I had like a shot glass full
of wine.
Um, but no, I usually don't drink
alcohol.
Um,
do I eat hamburgers? I mean, I eat
ground beef almost every single day with
heart, liver, and kidney in it.
Shalom, Kendoino.
I haven't had a greasy burger in a
while.
Let's see what we got here.
Oh man, it's been such a boring, grindy
kind of last three weeks. Thank you guys
for sticking with me. In fact, I think
we should do a giveaway today just
because you guys are are sticking with
me. Before this stream ends, I'm going
to do a $500 giveaway. All right, I'll
do a $500 giveaway just cuz you guys are
awesome. I love you guys. You guys are
amazing sitting here listening to me
talk about tacos,
you know.
Something about peace. Memory man.
Glycation. Is that what happens when you
eat carbs? Glycation. Carbs are going to
cause glycation.
The organ meat hits different. The organ
meat. I feel like organ meat is good for
you. I mean, if you're ever feeling
tired,
eat some dang hard, liver, kidney,
you know.
All right. Shout out to this guy who has
I think you're a guy.
There's a 90% chance based on the uh
statistics on my YouTube analytics.
I have had 11 years no carbs. I feel
fantastic. 57. I wish I could do that,
you know, cuz I listen to some guys out
there that are super low carb. And after
you listen to them, they do everything
the opposite as I do. You have these
guys out there, they say they say
you got to eat low carb,
you got to eat fast and carbs only, no
carbs, and and you got to train
differently than I train. And I'm
thinking, man, you know, I I do I do the
opposite of what a lot of people say.
Yeah, we'll do a $500 giveaway today.
Too real for you. I'm the only real
friend you got, bro. I can't even
consider you a friend after you left my
stream to watch Cryptoface make
$275,000.
Just playing. Just playing. You're my
only real friend, too. You're too real
for me, bro. You are too real for me.
Shout out to Eric, final boss. Shout out
to King Koopa 22.
Horse meat. I don't eat horse meat. All
right. I don't eat horse meat. That's
that's that's
unclean.
Where to put the stop loss on this long.
Okay. So, the long I'm in right now,
guys, my stop loss is under the low. And
then I'm going to obviously go for
another long if this one gets stopped
out. All right.
Uh, if I see something good, I I I
you know,
if I take three losses this week, I'm
done for the week. I have to be
uh the real Don D wants me to say it's
going up. All right, it's going up.
Eat clean, trade hard. Is it that
difficult? Yeah, that's how I feel.
That's how I feel. Eat clean and trade
hard. Train hard. Trade hard. Trade hard
and train hard. and eat clean.
You guys hear that weird music?
That's some weird music in the
background.
This is This is my jam, though. How many
times have we listened to this beat?
We've listened to this beat so much. So
much we've listened to it.
It's loud.
Let's see who can stay through the loud
music and make it for the giveaway.
Who can stay through the loud music and
make it for the giveaway?
Hey yo, AJ. Hey, the music's so loud.
Could you turn it down? No. Shut up. You
better turn around. Only the real ones
get to stay for the giveaway. Giving
away $500 today. Hey Jay, here we are.
We're going faster. Jake Casper in the
house. He's the trading master. Ain't no
disaster. Trade only in the blue. Let me
tell you what the Bitcoin going to do.
Bake Casper, I'm walking instead. Don't
you know I got the crypto bars up in my
head. Trade only in the green, never in
the red. Yeah. And that's what I said
because we're making profit. Then we got
a lot to take it in. Jay Casper, he's
got the crypto flow and spin. Yeah. Now,
where do we begin? We're out in the
driveway walking around from chin to
chin. We got the chins double chin. Pull
it out. Got the skin looking so stretchy
to begin to get it messy like my name
was not Jesse. Oh no, what do I say?
It's next beat. Uh, we got the bushes in
the back where I got to take a pee. Turn
it around on track because you know we
taking it back. And once you go black,
baby, never go back, baby. Come to the
tin can upside down. The Bitcoin price
about to turn around cuz we about to
break out. And then we go the distance.
I feel it in my bones. We're about to
break resistance. 67486.
And then the Bitcoin price will come
down again. We're driving in the car
straight. Then we go around the bend.
Next thing I know, we're flipping over.
Once again, trading and driving because
the cops are pulling you over. I'm drunk
on the candles. Officer, I can't get
over. He says, "Walk the line." I say,
"No." Then he puts me in the handcuffs.
The next thing I know, I'm in the
slammer. They give me the hammer. 10
years to life in the slammer. I can't
believe it, baby. How could this happen
to me? I was just trading on a drive in.
I told the cop, "Hey, listen. Don't lock
me up. I'll teach you how to trade and
that will be enough. You can quit your
job and stay home with your wife and
kids. You know you want to make this
happen. He said, "Hey Jay, look, let's
talk. I won't lock you up if you give me
enough knowledge to make the trades
every single day. Coming to the charts
just to get paid. Give it to you
straight. I never give it to you." Gay.
Ah,
that is a good beat though, right?
Come on, baby.
Train hard, but don't go to extremes.
Man, I go to I go to extremes. I'm an
extreme guy. All right, we're down to
690 people. We lost about 100 people
during that. The real ones are going to
stick around for the $500 giveaway.
You know, the real ones stick around for
the $500 giveaway.
Um,
Bitcoin got to pump some. There's no
more liquidity below left on the table.
Not too much.
Yeah. Have I done high time frame market
analysis today? I have. And honestly,
we've got the the weekly money flow is
blue, but the momentum wave is playing
out to the downside. The monthly is
flopping over. The daily is very
oversold. Potentially giving us a hidden
bullish divergence if we hold this
level. We haven't taken that last low
yet from 65 whatever.
Uh I'm feeling pretty pretty pretty,
you know. Yeah. USDT Prime Vids 3. We
we'll we'll give away USDT.
Um thank you JR Trader €2 to cover my
loss. I really appreciate you, bro. God
bless you, man. I really appreciate you.
Um,
can I freestyle about pizza?
I don't know.
I don't know
what's my biggest crypto win ever
percentage-wise.
Um, percentage- wise or moneywise?
Percentage-wise was definitely the bull
run of 2017,
right?
moneywise
was definitely the bull run of 2023.
That's because I had way more money to
invest at that point.
Um,
yeah.
Can you be a child if you don't win the
giveaway? Child about it. You can. Yeah,
you can. Look, you could get mad if you
don't win the giveaway. That's fine. I
understand. It's a lot of money. $500.
How do you enter? Well, when I when I
give the signal,
again, this isn't a signal. This is not
financial advice, but when I give that
signal, you you post your dang USDT
address in the chat, and I'm going to
screenshot randomly while you guys are
spamming the chat, and whoever's
highlighted wins. And here's the thing,
all right, here's the thing. Don't do it
until I tell you I'm going to do it. You
know,
carb loading before training. I never
carb load before training. Maybe one of
the reasons why I thrive on a high carb
diet is because I always train first
thing in the morning at least 12 hours
fasted, usually more. And then I'm
pretty much an intermittent fasting guy.
Not because I'm trying to, just because
I don't get hungry. So, a lot of times I
don't eat until 12:00 noon, 1:00 p.m. or
so. Sometimes I do OMAD or 2MAD. I just
eat whenever I'm hungry, but pretty much
ends up being intermittent fasting. So,
a lot of times, a lot of times I'm 10,
15,000 steps in and having done a heavy
workout with weights
um before I eat my first meal. And I
don't have any energy problems. I don't
I don't get I don't get tired. I don't
get none of that stuff. I feel like my
body's pretty adaptive.
But then I eat a whole bunch of carbs.
Usually at night, usually in the
afternoon, evening, I eat tons of carbs.
Hundreds. Hundreds of grams. hundreds of
grams, four, five, 6, 700 gram of
carbohydrates
sometimes in in just 5 or 6 hours. I
know it sounds crazy. And then I sleep
and after when I sleep, my body takes
all those carbs and it goes right into
the dang muscles, right? Goes into the
dang muscle.
Wouldn't it be better to give VIP? Well,
you could buy VIP with the $500.
Um,
no. I don't think Antarctic's integrated
with Trading View. Maybe it is. I don't
know. Um,
shout out to Walderir Goodsite.
You can rap about the pizza because of
Pizza Gate.
Discord for teenage gamers. Yeah,
Discord for teenage gamers. You're
right. you know.
Um
I don't think I could rap about pizza. I
know. I need a banger trader. I'm gonna
have to get a job. This is This is
looking like garbage here. This is
looking like garbage.
Um
you want a Bitcoin giveaway instead of a
Tether giveaway?
I would I would give away Bitcoin. If
you want Bitcoin, post your Bitcoin
address. If you want Tether, post your
Tether address. I don't care. Look, I
don't discriminate. Jay Casper ain't
racist like that. I don't hate against
Bitcoin addresses, Tether addresses. I
don't care if it's ERC20 or TRX. I don't
care if it's the Salana chain. Look, I
don't care.
>> You know what I'm saying?
Should we try and rap about pizza?
>> Hey yo, baby, it's so nice to meet you.
Now sit back, relax while I rap about
the pizza. You know, I really got to
reach people coming around pizza. They
say, "Jay, what you want on your pizza?
Maybe some pepperoni. You want to eat?
Maybe not pepperoni. Maybe onions, some
mushrooms, some olives." You know, maybe
bunions. You open up the bag of funions.
You take them out, you put them on a
pizza. One, two, three. Pout. Maybe we
don't do that. We got the pineapple. The
big one price looking so pac. The final
movement before we hit the top. What you
want on your pizza, baby? Hits the spot.
Should we get a small, medium, or large?
Shout out to my good friend Mar. You
know we got the extra cheese. Sprinkle
on the mozzarella, please, baby, please.
We got the basil and the oregano and
cheese. Put it on the crust. It tastes
like breeze. You know we like the greasy
pizza. So come in here. Well, I got the
pizza. Hello. Shake my hand. My name is
David Cer. I used to trade, but now I am
the pizza master. I love the gluten in
my crust. The crispy earth, you know
it's a must. Got the thin crust beef
dish from Chicago. The big corn just
like the pizza. You'll hear my flow.
Maybe get the onions.
Maybe get the bunions.
We got the nice pepperoni. I'm watching
old TV shows like Mahoney. What else
goes on pizza? Let me think. Everything
except the kitchen sink. Maybe we could
put on some fried chicken. So dang good.
No finger licking. Got the fried
chicken. Get the nacho cheese. Got the
hamburger pizza. Baby, please. Got the
Mexican taco pizza to put on the
lettuce.
This pizza is the bestest. And then we
go to the pizzeria with my good girl.
She said, "Hey Jay, it's so nice to meet
you." I said, "Girl, could we go
steady?" She said, "Pizza, pizza." She
slapped me in the face, put me in the
friend zone with a disgrace.
And then we got out of that place, but I
had to run a race.
Is the beat going to drop again?
I don't know.
No, I don't think so. Oh. Oh, the beat
drops again. We have to run a race to
burn off the trend and the calories and
carbs that we ate from the pizza. We
gained so much fat that we couldn't I
don't know what I'm saying. We couldn't
skiboh.
>> All right. The the this guy, if you
remember me, what I told you exactly a
month ago, 70K, 65, 58, 55, then up.
Let's do it, bro. I'm down. I'm down.
Sixanita.
Shout out to memory man.
Uh, is the four-year cycle in full
effect? I hope so
because then um
then we could buy on spot on cheaper
prices. You know what I'm saying? Then
we could buy on spot on cheaper prices.
Shout out to
Oh man.
Saw the sign,
bro. For some reason, I forget your old
name.
I forget your old uh Discord name, bro.
But it's good to see you here. The guy
who created the nines indicator.
Dang, bro. I forget your name right now.
Can't believe that. Come on, Jason. Come
on, Jason.
Good to see you, bro. God bless you,
man. Um, it'll come to me when I'm about
to fall asleep. All of a sudden, I'll be
falling asleep, but then my eyes be I'll
remember your name like just like that.
How could I forget your name?
I think I know your real name. I'm not
going to dox you, though. Um,
I forget your Discord name.
Next time I'm working out and you do the
mind muscle connection thing, will you
connect your mind to your my muscles?
Yes, I will. Dave Digital, I will I
will. No joke. I will just as soon as
I'm squeezing at the top of that
exercise, I will direct my mind directly
to your muscles, bro. All right. No
homo.
Yeah, the nines indicator.
If I could hold one alt coins, which
would it be? Probably Ethereum.
Probably Ethereum.
Um,
all right. What do you guys think?
Should we uh should we do a giveaway?
What do you guys think? Should we do a
giveaway?
Should we do a giveaway as I'm about to
literally get stopped out for $4,000?
Yes, Surface 9. Thanks, Houston. Surface
9. Shout out to Surface 9. How could I
forget? How could I forget Surface 9?
Yeah, big shout outs to Surface 9. All
right, people want the giveaway. All
right, let's do the giveaway, guys. I'm
about to lose it all. You know what the
heck? What better way to lose it all
than to give it all. Lose it all. Give
it all.
Lose it all. Give it all. The market
makers take it all. We lose it all. We
give it all.
Let me get this treadmill back on, guys.
All right, let's do a giveaway. All
right, let's do a dang giveaway.
We're going to put it on live chat,
guys. Everyone, right now, put it on
live chat. Not that it changed anything,
but we'll have less complainers if we
put it on live chat. All right, we want
it on live chat. Not on all not on top
chat. On live chat. Reason why is
because if it's on top chat not all the
messages get seen top chat some messages
may not be visible. Live chat all
messages visible. So we put on live
chat. All right. Now spam your dang
Bitcoin address.
All right. And whoever's highlighted
here on my mouse
when I count down from 10 wins the
money.
All right. Here we go.
Guys, ready?
All right, here we go. 10
7 6 5 4 tree tool one. Boom. All right,
let's see.
It is Tony Cash 9526.
All right, Tony Cash 9526.
Copy that.
And I'm going to send it to myself.
All right.
There you go. Big shout out to Tony
Cash. And I'mma send it to you right
now, bro.
Send it to you right now.
And got that address.
I send it to you right now.
500 smackaroons.
All right. It's It's been sent. It's
been sent.
There we go, baby.
It's been sent.
All right.
Congratulations.
Congrat Congratulations.
All right.
Yeah. Make sure the market maker don't
take it. No reprieve allowed. Straight
to Googling town. Googling town.
So, we just did a giveaway. Yeah. All
right. God bless you guys. I love you
all. God bless you in Jesus name. May
the Lord bless you and hopefully I'll
see you guys in mñana and hopefully well
I I I'm I'm I don't know this this is
not good. This is not I mean this is